1. Change typehint to Sequence (so we have flexiblity) but the actual return
type is Tuple

Joels' generala rule, input types restirct, return types broadly.

2. Manually constructed monitors, we don't do this anymore. We use `Region`.
Fix design.

3. Display-oriented, the only API that we know that returns in scan-out
   orientation is desktop duplication. Joel is OK with backend reporting whether
   scanout or display orientation is used. But we would offer a flag in the
   future to do the rotation for the user. We only have this for the desktop
   duplication. We can make the boolean flag default to display orientation.  We
   can cross this bridge once we have DXGI.
   
4. Joel has concerns about how App choosing DPI affects DXGI path. We need to explore
   using python-mss with app choosing DPI. I can play around with it on my laptop. explore
   Joel's matrix.

5. Table this for a v1.1 design - for window events and discovery of changes.

6. "Lost" is temporary inaccessible. Joel points out the application cannot
   recover unless we give it enough information to recover.  I will test "lost"
   window case on Windows, to see what happens with window ID etc - because we
   may then want to implement an `__eq__` operator to make this easier for the
   user to match.  We cannot finalize this design without some experimentation.
   We should define what "lost" means and what those state transitions look
   like. Need to look at WGC and newer compositor in Windows. DWM.  There is
   also full screen exclusive mode to look at for Windows. The lost window
   happens there by just switching focus, I think. Let's figure out the states
   of capture source and state machine.

7. We should probably default to the lowest common denominator, macOS probably
   doesn't do Client area. Will have to check with AI.

8. The split between `create_capture` and `create_capture_from_picker` isn't great for
   apps that should work for both Wayland and X Windows.

9. Filtering in picker - we should bring it back and make clear that not all
   platforms can support it.

10. On many X windows impl we now have support for picker, so this could be the first route
    an app tries.

11. Desktop? It's an albatros around our neck - it may choose an inefficient
    backend and doesn't work on Wayland. In some cases you will get an
    inefficient backend and on Wayland you will not get a backend at all. 

12. Remove that ambiguity about virtual-display creation. Fix my language. Use one term, desktop.

13. We need to inform the user of the actual physical size they captured on
    MacOS somehow - so they understand how to map from logical capture to a
    physical size. Today image.size is the size of the actual pixels and that
    may be different than the width you pass in for the capture region.
    So image.size is reporting physical pixels on all platforms currently. We
    can keep it that way. You specify the region in logical pixels but they 
    return physical pixels. 

14. Joel is correct about "This would mean that legacy MSS.grab() ..." is already the case today.

15. Fix that duplicated capture.close() (expand comment that context manager has already called)
